about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I'm Philip Street and I'm an experienced Azure Architect, currently working for Kainos Software.

I have following Microsoft Azure certifications:

- [Azure Solutions Architect Expert](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/users/philipstreet/credentials/3a060b29dc2dfcf){:target="_blank"}
- [Azure DevOps Engineer Expert](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/users/philipstreet/credentials/62495125f8adc19a){:target="_blank"}
- [Azure Security Engineer Associate](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/users/philipstreet/credentials/336702d8cc7130fc){:target="_blank"}
- [Azure Developer Associate](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/users/philipstreet/credentials/fc547d80c215422e){:target="_blank"}
- [Azure Network Engineer Associate](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/users/philipstreet/credentials/ab4a6001d05a7b9f){:target="_blank"}
- [Azure Administrator Associate](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/users/philipstreet/credentials/707089c636b1f94f){:target="_blank"}

In a previous life, I was an application developer creating everything from database applications (using Microsoft Access) to e-commerce systems (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, C#, SQL etc).

Commit message:

fix: update current employer information in about page

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I'm Philip Street and I'm an experienced Azure Architect, currently working for Barings Asset Management. Find out more on my [LinkedIn page](https://www.linkedin.com/in/philipstreet/).

I have following Microsoft Azure certifications:

- [Azure Solutions Architect Expert](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/users/philipstreet/credentials/3a060b29dc2dfcf){:target="_blank"}
- [Azure DevOps Engineer Expert](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/users/philipstreet/credentials/62495125f8adc19a){:target="_blank"}
- [Azure Security Engineer Associate](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/users/philipstreet/credentials/336702d8cc7130fc){:target="_blank"}
- [Azure Developer Associate](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/users/philipstreet/credentials/fc547d80c215422e){:target="_blank"}
- [Azure Network Engineer Associate](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/users/philipstreet/credentials/ab4a6001d05a7b9f){:target="_blank"}
- [Azure Administrator Associate](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/users/philipstreet/credentials/707089c636b1f94f){:target="_blank"}

In a previous life, I was an application developer creating everything from database applications (using Microsoft Access) to e-commerce systems (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, C#, SQL etc).
